List entire functions that need to be changed, not just the line. Don't omit anything in the function for brevity. This will make it less error prone to copy / paste.

-- Annoyances

The trap tile (when you reveal it, you get damage with a message that says "trap hit") is confusing. Let's remove that.

When a monster dies, don't flash on that attack. It causes the item to flash, i just don't like that....

Mark hidden debug menu broke

Second time you clear a full floor, an error is logged

When a challenge requirement isn't met, the door flashes black. Let's flash it red

--- Challenge

We're going to add a new type of tile, a challenge. All challenges have the same icon: 🪟. One challenge appears every 3 floors, starting with floor 3. A challenge is like a barrel that has a specific requirement to break. If the requirement is not met, a modal popup is shown with what the player needs to do to break it or. That modal just has a close button.
If the player does meet the criteria for what a challenge needs, the challenge tile dissapears and drops a durable item. If the player has every possible durable item, the challenge drops 50 coins.

There will be the following types of challenges:
    Greedy challenge, only opens if the player has 50 coins or more
    Brave challenge, only opens if the player has 20 health or more
    Strong challenge, only opens if the player has 10 strength or more
    Mortal challenge, opens as soon as an enemy dies (assuming the cave is revealed)
    Material challenge, opens only when the user uses an item

List entire functions that need to be changed, not just the line. Don't omit anything in the function for brevity. This will make it less error prone to copy / paste.


---- NEW MONSTERS

Let's add some extra monsters. Please add: Devil 👹, Demon 👿, Ogre 👺, bird 🐦‍🔥, wolf 🐺, bat 🦇
You can figure out what their attack / defense is. These monsters act like the existing monsters.
I do want to add some filtering. Zombies should only appear after floor 10. Devils should not appear before floor 5. Ogres should not appear before floor 15. Wolfs should not appear before floor 3. Bat should not appear before floor 7. Spiders should not appear after floor 6. Birds should not appear after floor 15.
List entire functions that need to be changed, not just the line. Don't omit anything in the function for brevity. This will make it less error prone to copy / paste.

TODO: Slime type enemy 🐌 / 🐚 (spawns a smaller one)

--- BOSSES

Next, we're going to add a new type of enemy, bosses. Bosses are special in that they always drop a durable item, unless the players has all durable items. If the player has all durable items, the boss drops 50 coins. Bosses appear every 5 floors, starting on floor 5.


Appear every 5 floors, starting on floor 5. Optional.
    Reward: Compas, can have in inventory but can't use. Reveals location of the key.

Four bosses: 

Ghost 👻
    high attack, low health, 
Orc 🧌
    high health, low attack,
Squid 🦑
    high health, high attack
Dragon🦎 / 🐉
    Slime like respawn on death

--- TUNING

Things that need to scale:
Enemy HP
Boss HP
Enemy attack
Boss Attack
Gold Reward numbers
Shop prices?


--- SOME MINOR Things

Rewrite how to play
Center UI

