--- POTENTIAL ICON REPLACEMENTS
For scroll items: 🗺️📖
Look for places to use emojis

🛡️⚔️🛡️ 🏹 🗡️🎭💰💎🔪💗

💥🔥⚡🩸❤️💪🌀🏆💣🖼️🍗🛒

🎮⏳💧💚🤺
----


Let's add a new durable item, the vampire ring. It allows you to heal HP

Amulet of greed. +1 gold when taking damage

Let's add a new item called a lock pick. This item can open the level door even if the player has no key.

Let's add a new durable item, the cursed rune, 🔮. While in the players inventory it removes 50% of the players attack power, multiplies it by 2, and adds that to the players max health.
It works similar to a defense rune in that it can increase and decrease the numbers when added and removed from inventory.
List entire functions that need to be changed, not just the line.  Don't omit anything in the function for brevity. This will make it less error prone to copy / paste.

Vengful blade: increase attack power by 10% if HP is below 10%

Berserk blade: increase attack power by 2 if an enemies hp is 25% or below.

Consumables need to be sellable too. Before only durable items where sellable, make it so everything can be sold, or converted to hp. 
A consumable item will have 4 buttons: "Use", "sell", "heal", "cancel".
A durable item will have 3 buttons. "sell", "heal", "cancel"
I guess this means items will need to maintain a coin worth value and heart worth value.
List entire functions that need to be changed, not just the line.  Don't omit anything in the function for brevity. This will make it less error prone to copy / paste.

Items should not be used if they have no effect!

Items need to be able to specify a % chance of dropping (which might be different on different floors).

After adding all the new items, re-generate the how to play instructions

--- Re-tune enemies
Re-tune what floor enemies appear on. It's too chaotic right now
We want one special type of enemy revealed each floor.

--- Pre prompt
I have a phaserjs game that was written by gemini. 
It's all one file, no external dependancies. 
We're goinbg to add some new features. 
But first i'll provide all the code, let me know if you understand it.

--- Post prompt
List entire functions that need to be changed, not just the line.  Don't omit anything in the function for brevity. This will make it less error prone to copy / paste.